Polish benchmarks page (#1432)
lightly-ai/lightly: docs/source/getting_started/benchmarks.rst

Benchmarks 
===================================

> Implemented models and their performance on various datasets. Hyperparameters are not tuned for maximum accuracy.

Author: I'm reusing the wording from the README so let's keep it the way it is.

List of available benchmarks:

- `ImageNet1k`_
- `ImageNet100`_
- `Imagenette`_
- `CIFAR-10`_

ImageNet1k
----------

- `Dataset <https://image-net.org/download.php>`_

> - `Code <https://github.com/lightly-ai/lightly/tree/master/benchmarks/imagenet/resnet50>`_

Reviewer: This is nice!

  "SwAV", "Res50", "256", "100", "67.2", "88.1", "75.4", "92.7", "49.5", "78.6", "`link <https://tensorboard.dev/experiment/Ipx4Oxl5Qkqm5Sl5kWyKKg>`_", "`link <https://lightly-ssl-checkpoints.s3.amazonaws.com/imagenet_resnet50_swav_2023-05-25_08-29-14/pretrain/version_0/checkpoints/epoch%3D99-step%3D500400.ckpt>`_"
  "VICReg", "Res50", "256", "100", "63.0", "85.4", "73.7", "91.9", "46.3", "75.2", "`link <https://tensorboard.dev/experiment/qH5uywJbTJSzgCEfxc7yUw>`_", "`link <https://lightly-ssl-checkpoints.s3.amazonaws.com/imagenet_resnet50_vicreg_2023-09-11_10-53-08/pretrain/version_0/checkpoints/epoch%3D99-step%3D500400.ckpt>`_"

*\*We use square root learning rate scaling instead of linear scaling as it yields better results for smaller batch sizes. See Appendix B.1 in the SimCLR paper.*

> Found a missing model? Track the progress of our planned benchmarks on `GitHub <https://github.com/lightly-ai/lightly/issues/1197>`_.

Reviewer 2: this sentence is weirdly placed here under ImageNet1k. Maybe add it to every dataset or put it at the top or bottom more centralized?

Author: The tracker is only about ImageNet1k so it has to stay in this section. Not sure why you think it's weirdly placed. What's the problem?

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I was under the impression that its a general Q for model suggestions. Yes, then its at the correct place

Imagenet100
-----------

- `Dataset <https://image-net.org/download.php>`_
- :download:`Code <benchmarks/imagenet100_benchmark.py>`

> Imagenet100 is a subset of the popular ImageNet-1k dataset. It consists of 100 classes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imagenet100 is a subset of the popular ImageNet1k dataset. It consists of 100 classes
```

with 1300 training and 50 validation images per class. We train the
self-supervised models from scratch on the training data. At the end of every
epoch we embed all training images and use the features for a kNN classifier 
with k=20 on the test set. The reported kNN Top 1 is the max accuracy
over all epochs the model reached. All experiments use the same ResNet-18 backbone and

> the default ImageNet-1k training parameters from the respective papers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the default ImageNet1k training parameters from the respective papers.
```

The following experiments have been conducted on a system with single A6000 GPU.
Training a model takes between 20 and 30 hours, including kNN evaluation.

.. csv-table:: Imagenet100 benchmark results
  :header: "Model", "Backbone", "Batch Size", "Epochs", "kNN Top 1", "Runtime", "GPU Memory"
  :widths: 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20

  "BarlowTwins", "Res18", "256", "200", "0.465", "1319.3 Min", "11.3 GByte"
  "BYOL", "Res18", "256", "200", "0.439", "1315.4 Min", "12.9 GByte"
  "DINO", "Res18", "256", "200", "0.518", "1868.5 Min", "17.4 GByte"
  "FastSiam", "Res18", "256", "200", "0.559", "1856.2 Min", "22.0 GByte"
  "Moco", "Res18", "256", "200", "0.560", "1314.2 Min", "13.1 GByte"
  "NNCLR", "Res18", "256", "200", "0.453", "1198.6 Min", "11.8 GByte"
  "SimCLR", "Res18", "256", "200", "0.469", "1207.7 Min", "11.3 GByte"
  "SimSiam", "Res18", "256", "200", "0.534", "1175.0 Min", "11.1 GByte"
  "SwaV", "Res18", "256", "200", "0.678", "1569.2 Min", "16.9 GByte"

Imagenette
----------

- `Dataset <https://github.com/fastai/imagenette>`_
- :download:`Code <benchmarks/imagenette_benchmark.py>`

> For our benchmarks we use the 160px version of the Imagenette dataset and

Author: I added a sentence 🙂

resize the input images to 128 pixels during training.
We train the self-supervised models from scratch on the training data. At the end of every
epoch we embed all training images and use the features for a kNN classifier 
with k=20 on the test set. The reported kNN Top 1 is the max accuracy
over all epochs the model reached. All experiments use the same ResNet-18 backbone and

> the default ImageNet-1k training parameters from the respective papers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the default ImageNet1k training parameters from the respective papers.
```
